hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up this is going to be a really fun
episode because in this video I'm going
to use some of the new Enchanted tools
that I built in the last episode to go
exploring
underground and I love the videos where
I get to go
exploring now there's one thing that I
want to do before I leave to go
exploring and that is build a
shield so let's see a shield to build a
shield I need 1 2 3 4 five six wood and
one iron
ingot okay one two 3 four five six wood
and one iron
ingot all right a
shield I bu built a shield and now I'm
going to enchant this Shield
jump all right here we are at the
enchanting
room Shield
lapis oh well you can't enchant
Shields oh
well the cool thing about shields is
that I can hold hold the shield in my
left
hand like
this now I'm holding my sword in my
right hand and my shield in my left hand
and I can block while I'm holding a
shield like this block block all right
I'm going to build some
torches there we go all right and I
think now I have everything that I will
need to go exploring underground I have
torches
tools my
map
food oh and I also brought my crossbow
and 14 arrows
all right it's time to go
exploring all right I'm going to start
by exploring down here in my mine
because there's a lot that I haven't
explored down
here let's go down here we are
uh-oh
skeleton
wow my new enchant Ed sword right here
has knockback two which pushes the
monsters far away when I hit
them
whoa I'm going to go down
there what is
this
oh I can't collect
it it just
breaks let's go this
way
torch I'm going to place torches so I
can find my way back
torch what's up
here
[Music]
nothing
torch torch torch uh-oh
[Music]
zombies uhoh and a
skeleton ooh run die
die
[Music]
wow this new sword is really
good o there's a
skeleton I'm going to load my
crossbow and I'm going to try to shoot
the
[Music]
skeleton it didn't kill
him
wow this is a strong
[Music]
skeleton I missed come here
skeleton got him I'm surprised that it
took three shots to kill that
skeleton because this crossbow has
piercing
four h there are lot more skeletons over
there
whoa that skeleton is riding the spider
uh-oh I hear more skeletons there it is
die die
die wow oh my goodness die die
D oh wow there are tons of monsters
here
ha
got
him
oops I accidentally hit the bat instead
of the
creeper oh well
diamonds I'm going to collect this
diamond after I kill this zombie
okay whoa more
zombies okay
torch
torch torch I'm placing torches all
around so monsters stop spawning all
right let's
see
just one
Diamond okay just one
Diamond but to collect this diamond I'm
going to use my new
enchanted diamond
pickaxe so this pickaxe has the fortune
2 enchantment which means that it might
give me two diamonds instead of just
one we'll
see break see two diamonds two
diamonds that's because of my fortune 2
enchantment an
Enderman die Enderman
die die die
die
oh
wow that was really
close
Okay I need to be careful I'm going to
wait here while I
heal ooh I see some light over
there
whoa could have be
lava yep
lava I'm going to go back down
there
whoa this is a huge
cave okay die zombie die zombie die
die my sword pushes the zombies so far
away okay I really like my shield The
Shield is really helpful against
skeletons
uhoh come on
skeleton
uhoh okay few die die wow I've had to
fight so many
monsters whoa okay I see some more lava
over
there
uhoh okay I need to
heal and there's more
[Music]
skeletons how many arrows do I have left
let's see oh
whoa that is a lot of
lava I'm going to go
around the lava
okay going around around
around okay and right next to the lava
there's some
water
H so far I've only found one block of
diamonds and a ton of
monsters
uhoh
they're shooting each
other what is
happening these skeletons are shooting
each
[Music]
other die all
right well that was easy
torch tons of
skeletons there are one two three four
five six skeletons over
there I'm not going over there
no more
diamonds finally I found more
diamonds
torch only eight torches
left okay I'm going to mine these
diamonds using my enchanted
pickaxe here we
go just
one just one
Diamond just one
Diamond three diamonds total
there's a ton of lava around
here
die die
die okay that was some good
fighting I'm getting better at fighting
MH whoa okay there's diamonds right
there but they're going to be difficult
to
get I'm going to try to block off this
lava okay like
that all
right
whoa
water this area is full of
water well I guess I'll also block off
the
water
okay two
diamonds so now I'm up to five
diamonds
uhoh
die die
[Music]
die oh thank you diamond
sword I need to find some coal so I can
build more torches I'm running running
running running running run run run I
need to find
coal I have haven't seen any coal down
here I think I'm too deep down to find
coal so I'm going back up a little
bit I'm not going down there no way more
lapis I've found tons of
lapis the M shaft
okay I'm going back up to the m
shaft okay
few any coal any
[Music]
coal
oh look it's my
staircase so I actually found my way
back to my staircase
well I guess I'll go back up to my house
and pick up some torches
there and I also think I'm going to end
this video right here and in the next
episode I'll continue my big adventure
exploring
underground thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video please
click the like button or subscribe to my
channel
and as always I will see you in the next
video see
[Music]
you